Okay, good.
So I think we're coming
to another wipe down.
In a moment we will, yeah,
well, let's just summarize.
Webcore gives JavaScript access
to the DOM and therefore pixels.
That's not nothing.
I should have said,
have you ever seen in any of the workshops
us adding anything to the page,
the actual page ever?
Never have we done it,
because you just saw it ain't easy
to add a single piece of text.
We've never touched it.
However, fortunately, Webcore and with
the help Web IDL defining the DOM API or
allowing DOM API to be described,
we do get access.
Goal 1 with the display
content data to the user.
With HTML, we did it in, I think we
dwelled on it too long, honestly, but
we did it quickly.
With JavaScript, it ain't so easy,
but we did get to create and
store changeable mutable
data posts this high.
Then we got a link to the actual
DOM element, the div,
via using the object document that itself
has a link to the whole list of elements,
where we ran the querySelector method that
allowed us to search this is an element.
Retrieve not the actual element
back into JavaScript in a jsDiv,
because we can't copy a C++ object
into JavaScript, not possible.
Instead, we created a brand new object,
or JavaScript did for
us with Crusader's help, in JavaScript.
It was assigned to jsDiv, and
that object was populated with a hidden
link to that list of elements in C++.
No, incorrect, to the individual
element div in C++ in the DOM.
And a bunch of methods in JavaScript or
properties, but
they do a lot more than a regular
property, cuz as Ian rightly pointed out,
a regular property would have assigned
the value of Hi post to textContent
here in JavaScript on that object.
But it ain't a regular object,
it's a special object that has
these methods paying out to set
the value of the text on the C++
element in the DOM to the value
of our content from JavaScript.
People talk about declarative
versus imperative, or
I would say descriptive versus imperative,
or easy versus a lot of steps.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And my goodness,
what do we think of JavaScript?
What a wonderfully undeclarative,
undescriptive, unintuitive, and
we're gonna spend the rest of our time.
That's why the HTML is so important to
value, because it was all about doing it
the way that we spend the rest of our time
in UI engineering trying to get back to.
Describing on the page
what I wanna show up.
Unfortunately, it was a one-time
description with no changeable data.
Can I get back to that
with changeable data?
By the way, I should say, side note,
things like web components try to do that
without us having to build it
all out from scratch ourselves.
Whether they take off fully or not, but
they're all trying to solve that problem.
Describe the page like we did in HTML,
in ordered list down the page, but
now we get changeable data.
Do we get changeable data in HTML?
Everybody, thumbs changeable?
No, not thumbs.
That's gonna ruin that meaning.
Do we get changeable data in HTML?
>> No.
>> Yes, exactly.
When I do that voice, it's often yes.
Okay, use built-in property
methods to add the content.
I say methods cuz they do more than just
set a local value in a key value pair,
right, in an object.
Instead they send a message out to set
through the link to the development.
They cross the streams.
I like to do a double line down
here really because it's between
JavaScript runtime and
C++ runtime, exactly.
And then DOM automatically displays
the content on the page itself,
known as the views, what the user sees.
Success, but so
much harder than <div>7<div>.